PERSONAL DATA USE POLICY

IGIA is a crowdfunding and inclusive crowdlending platform.
It is subject to professional secrecy. IGIA ensures the security and confidentiality of the information
entrusted to it. This personal data protection policy (hereinafter the "Policy")
describes the commitments implemented by IGIA, as data controller, to ensure the protection
of your personal data. The Policy is an integral part of the General Terms of Use (GTU),
capitalized terms having the same definition as those in the GTU.
Whenever personal information is collected, IGIA strives to include a link
to this Policy. We may modify this Policy.
The current version is available on the website www.igia.com, and we will notify you of any changes
through the website or by any other means.

Also discover our cookie policy here.


1. Processing of Collected Data

IGIA collects several types of data through its various online services:

- Identification data (first name, last name, date and place of birth, etc.)
- Contact information (telephone number, postal and email addresses, etc.);
- Transaction data (offers, transfers, credit card payments, related to credits and debits from your IGIA account, for example);
- Data specific to Investments or any other requests relating to IGIA's offerings;
- Tax data (country of tax residence, exemption certificate);
- Data from your interactions with IGIA;
- Data obtained with your consent and/or collected in accordance with regulations permitted or required.

All of this data is generally obtained directly from you, whether by telephone, email, or online.
IGIA may, however, process data obtained from third-party organizations, in particular to meet its regulatory obligations or with your 
consent in connection with the use of certain services.

The communication and processing of data requested by IGIA is essential to the provision of IGIA's 
products and services and/or to comply 
with the legal and regulatory requirements to which IGIA is subject.
Apart from these cases, we do not collect any data without your prior consent.

Finally, we automatically collect certain information about your browser type and the connection 
equipment used (computer, mobile device) for the purposes of administering our systems, combating fraud, 
maintaining the quality of our services, and providing general statistics regarding their use.

2. Purposes of Data Processing

The processing carried out by IGIA is based on compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation,
contract execution, consent for services enabling the synchronization of external documents, or a legitimate
interest in commercial prospecting.

- Customer relationship management
- Provision of subscribed products and services
- Provision of services using data synchronization
- Management, review, and granting of financing
- Compliance with legal and regulatory obligations
- Fight against fraud
- Security of computer networks and transactions
- Establishment of proof of transactions and agreements
- Collection and assignment of debts, management of payment incidents
- Personalized offers and commercial proposals

3. Recipients of Your Data

IGIA may be required to provide certain data about you to public authorities upon request,
or as part of its regulatory or legal obligations.
IGIA may share your personal data with its technical service providers, partners, and issuers.

4. Security of Your Data

We use SSL technology to ensure the confidentiality of data transmitted over networks.

5. Timeframe and Retention of Your Data

To ensure the proper processing of financial transactions, your personal data must be retained
and regularly updated for the entire duration you are engaged in an Investment.

In order to meet legal and/or regulatory obligations and/or to respond to requests from authorities
authorized to make such requests, your personal data will be retained beyond the date of last
activity for a period of 5 years. Finally, some data may be stored and anonymized for use
for statistical purposes.

6. Your Rights

In accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation, you have the right to access, rectify, erase, 
restrict processing, and request the portability of your data, as well as to determine the fate of your data after your death.

These rights may be exercised under the conditions and within the limits set out in the regulations in force.

You may exercise your other rights and contact IGIA by emailing the following address: contact@igia.com

You have the right to file a complaint with the AFM, which is committed to promoting fair and transparent financial markets, 
the supervisory authority responsible for ensuring compliance with personal data obligations.